Automatically convert tool inputs (#463)
tidyverse/ellmer: vignettes/tool-calling.Rmd

This tool example was extremely simple, but you can imagine doing much more interesting things from tool functions: calling APIs, reading from or writing to a database, kicking off a complex simulation, or even calling a complementary GenAI model (like an image generator). Or if you are using ellmer in a Shiny app, you could use tools to set reactive values, setting off a chain of reactive updates.

### Tool inputs and outputs

Remember that tool arguments come from the LLM, and tool results are returned to the LLM. This implies that you should keep both as simple as possible.

Inputs to a tool call, must be defined by `type_boolean()`, `type_integer()`, `type_number()`, `type_string()`, `type_enum()`, `type_array()`, or `type_object()`. We recommend keeping them as simple as possible, focussing on basic scalar types as much as you can.

> The output of the tool call will me interpreted by the LLM, just as if you had typed that information into the data. That means you'll generally want to produce text or other atomic vectors. For more complex data, ellmer will automatically the result to JSON, which LLMs generally seem to be good at understanding. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of the tool call will be interpreted by the LLM, just as if you had typed that information into the data. That means you'll generally want to produce text or other atomic vectors. For more complex data, ellmer will automatically serialize the result to JSON, which LLMs generally seem to be good at understanding. 
```

> To show off these ideas, here's a slightly more complicated example that simulates a weather API that can return information for multiple cities at once. Here we return a data frame, which is automatically converted into a row-major form, which our experiments suggest is good for LLMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To show off these ideas, here's a slightly more complicated example that simulates a weather API that can return information for multiple cities at once. Notice that the `get_weather()` function, that powers the `get_weather` tool, returns a data frame, which ellmer will automatically convert into JSON in a row-major form, which our experiments suggest is good for LLMs.
```
